Updates to release checklist and PR template to improve processes (#6293)
woocommerce/woocommerce-gutenberg-products-block: .github/patch-initial-checklist.md

* [ ] Create the testing notes for the release. 
  * [ ] For each pull request linked in the changelog grab the `User Facing Testing` notes from the PR's description. 
  * [ ] Add the notes to `docs/testing/releases`
  * [ ] Update the `docs/testing/releases/README.md` file index.
* [ ] Copy a link to the release zip you created earlier into the testing notes. To generate the link you can upload the zip as an attachment in a GitHub comment and then just copy the path (without publishing the comment).
* [ ] Commit and push the testing docs to the release branch.
* [ ] Smoke test built release zip using the testing instructions you created:
  * Test in a clean environment, e.g. Jurassic.Ninja site.
  * Test existing WooCommerce Blocks content works correctly after update (no block validation errors).
  * Test to confirm blocks are available and work correctly in oldest supported WordPress version (e.g. 5.3).
  * Confidence check - check blocks are available and function.
  * Test to confirm new features/fixes are working correctly.
  * Test any UI changes in mobile and desktop views.
  * Smoke test – test a cross section of core functionality.

> * [ ] Ask the porter of Rubik and Kirigami to review the changes as well and to approve the PR if everything looks good. Each porter is responsible for testing the PRs that fall under the focus of their own team. Shared functionality should be tested by both porters. This means that the Rubik porter will mostly test Cart & Checkout changes while Kirigami porter will test the other blocks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [ ] Ask the porters of Rubik and Kirigami to smoke test the built release zip as well and to approve the PR if everything looks good. 

Each porter is responsible for testing the PRs that fall under the focus of their own team. Shared functionality should be tested by both porters. This means that the Rubik porter will mostly test Cart & Checkout changes while Kirigami porter will test the other blocks.
```

  * If all PRs are testing as expected, continue with the release.
  * If one or more PRs are not testing as expected: ping the PR authors and the porter of the relevant team and ask them if the change is a release blocker or not (you can also ping the team lead if any of them is not available). In general, if it's not a regression or there is no product/marketing reason why that PR is a blocker, all other PRs should default to not being blockers.

>     * If there are blockers: stop the release and ask the PR author and team porter to fix them.

Reviewer 2: I wonder in how far the team porter is a good fix for fixing a blocker. I was thinking that fixing a blocker would be the responsibility of the PR author only.

Author: Good point. I rewrote it in 329906d53cf925d91e6d8b9ba093e0d3c2b06635, let me know how it looks now! :slightly_smiling_face:

Reviewer 2: Looks great now, @Aljullu!

## Update Pull Request description and get approvals

* [ ] Go through the description of the release pull request and edit it to update all the sections and checklist instructions there.

> * [ ] Ask the porter of Rubik and Kirigami to review the changes in the release pull request and to approve the PR if everything looks good. Each porter is responsible for testing the PRs that fall under the focus of their own team. Shared functionality should be tested by both porters. This means that the Rubik porter will mostly test Cart & Checkout changes while Kirigami porter will test the other blocks.

Reviewer: There is a clash between this section and the one above from Create the Testing Notes that states

```
* [ ] Smoke test built release zip using the testing instructions you created:
  * At least one other person should test the built zip - ping the current Rubik porter to be this person.
```

Reviewer: I think the changes we made `Ask the porter of Rubik and Kirigami ...` should replace this entry: 
```* At least one other person should test the built zip - ping the current Rubik porter to be this person.```

@Aljullu what do you think?

Author: Ah, good catch. Yes, I think it makes sense. Are you going to update it or do you want me to do it?

Reviewer: @Aljullu it would be great if you could handle this change in both initial and patch templates

Author: Updated in 2c75cf86adc7158d8c1841ab755274eeeaf94b66. Let me know how it looks.

  * If one or more PRs are not testing as expected: ping the PR authors and the porter of the relevant team and ask them if the change is a release blocker or not (you can also ping the team lead if any of them is not available). In general, if it's not a regression or there is no product/marketing reason why that PR is a blocker, all other PRs should default to not being blockers.
    * If there are blockers: stop the release and ask the PR author to fix them. If the PR author is AFK, ping the porter of their team.
    * If some PRs are not testing as expected but they are not blockers: revert the relevant commits, remove the changes from testing steps and changelog, open an issue (or reopen the original one) and proceed with the release.

>     * If minor issues are discovered during the testing, each team is responsible for logging them in Github

Reviewer 2: Nit-pic: Given that all other sentences end with a fullstop, this one should also end with one.

## Update Pull Request description and get approvals

* [ ] Go through the description of the release pull request and edit it to update all the sections and checklist instructions there.
* [ ] Ask the porter of Rubik and Kirigami to review the changes in the release pull request and to approve the PR if everything looks good. The porter of each team is responsible for testing the PRs created by members of their own team. That means Rubik porter will mostly test Cart & Checkout changes while Kirigami porter will test other blocks.
  * If all PRs are testing as expected, continue with the release.
  * If one or more PRs are not testing as expected: ping the PR authors and the porter of the relevant team and ask them if the change is a release blocker or not (you can also ping the team lead if any of them is not available). In general, if it's not a regression or there is no product/marketing reason why that PR is a blocker, all other PRs should default to not being blockers.
    * If there are blockers: stop the release and ask the PR author and team porter to fix them.

>     * If some PRs are not testing as expected but they are not blockers: remove the from testing steps and changelog, open an issue (or reopen the original one) and proceed with the release.

Reviewer: I think we need to mention here that we need to revert the PR's commits

Author: Ah, right. Better to mention it. Done in 09c929eabe74ebe8dd94eca29f467da2b7b5fa6f.

  * If the base branch is the release branch this patch release is for, then merge branch into release branch and then merge the release branch back to `trunk` if the patch release is the latest released version. Otherwise just merge back into the release branch.
* [ ] If you merged the branch to `trunk`, then update version on the `trunk` branch to be for the next version of the plugin and include the `dev` suffix (e.g. something like [`2.6-dev`](https://github.com/woocommerce/woocommerce-gutenberg-products-block/commit/e27f053e7be0bf7c1d376f5bdb9d9999190ce158)) for the next version.
* [ ] Update the schedules p2 with the shipped date for the release (Pca54o-1N-p2).

> * [ ] Edit the GitHub milestone of the release you just shipped and add the current date as the due date (this is used to track ship date as well).

Reviewer: Should we include here the step of creating a new milestone for the next version?

Author: Good point. I'm a bit confused by why that step wasn't there before. :confused: 

I added it in 7776d882bc858747a9eee18d674f011cb1959bff. I added it to the top of the list, so the next milestone is created right after closing the current one. Otherwise, there might be some time when there is no milestone open.

  - After the checklist is complete and the testing is done, it will be up to the WooCommerce core team to approve and merge the pull request.
* [ ] Make sure you join the `#woo-core-releases` Slack channel to represent Woo Blocks for the release of WooCommerce core this version is included in.

## Publish Posts

You only need to post public release announcements and update relevant public facing docs if this patch release is deployed to WP.org. Otherwise, you can skip this section.

* [ ] Post release announcement on [WooCommerce Developer Blog](https://developer.woocommerce.com/category/release-post/woocommerce-blocks-release-notes/).
  - Ping porters from each team to know which changelog entries need to be highlighted. Ask them to write a short text and optionally provide a screenshot. They can use previous posts for inspiration, we usually try to highlight new features or API changes.
  - Ensure the release notes are included in the post verbatim.

>   - Don't forget to use category `WooCommerce Blocks Release Notes` for the post.

Reviewer: Should we do a final proof read with both teams before posting? From what I've noticed there are usually small issues that are fixed in this step, like versions, links etc

Author: I was thinking having the porters write the highlights and the release lead merging them in the post would be enough. But I don't have a strong opinion.
